
###USING THE SERVER###

To start the Server make its file executeable and just execute it with
	./server.py s
	if s == 1 the secure mode is switched on.

If the securemode is on, you will be asked to define the password for the server-client communication

The server allows the following commands:
	allclients 	prints a list of all clients ids that are registered on the server.
	To get a clients info just type its id in the terminal.
	remove i	removes the client with id i from the servers client list.
	quit		shuts down the whole server.

###USING THE CLIENT###

To start the client make its file executable and just execuite it with
	./client.py s
	if s == 1 the secure mode is switched on.

If the securemode is on, you will be asked to type in the password to encrypt the communication with the server.

The client alllows the following commands:
	register	registers this client at the server. This has to be done before other commands are executed
			(as one can not send a heartbeat for example, if one is not registered at all)
	heartbeat	sends a heartbeat to the server to tell him one is still alive
	ask		asks the server whether there are packages available for this client.
			If so the packages are directly loaded and installed.
	suicide		Deregisteres this client, i.e. tells the server to remove self from the servers client list.
	quit		shuts down the whole client. 

After executing the commands, the client will present to you the answer of the server, that is either 0 or 1.
A 0 means everything went well. A 1 however is the signal, that something went wrong and the command was not executed.
For example if you want to register a client, that is already registered, you will get a 1.


####FEATURES#####

Take note of the following additional features being implemented in the server:

CHECKSUM
Sending a package, the server creates and sends a checksum with it. After the client has recieved the data,
he will compute the checksum by himself in order to check, whether both sums are equal.
If not, there was most likely a loss of data in the connection. Therefore the client should ask for the package again.

SECUREMODE
One can switch on the secure mode with the first argument at start. If the secure mode is on, the data sent between 
server and client will be encrypted with a "Doppelwürfel". The client then has to enter a password at start.

TIME-DEAMON
There exists a deamon thread at the server, that wakes up every couple of seconds and checks, whether there are clients,
who's timestamp is outdated (i.e. the difference between the timestamp and that time is greater then a set thresehold).
If so, it removes the clients. 

VERSIONING
When asked for packages, the server looks up, whether that client already has the latest package versions.
If not he sends them a package and notes, that the client now has that version. (However he does not concern,
that the installation of the package may fail). 

